# Right Shift an Array

Problem Description

Write a program that reads an integer array A from input and modifies the array by shifting each element to the right by one position and by shifting the last element to the first position. After performing the shifting operation, print the modified array.
**Note:** Ensure there is a space character (' ') at the end of the line.
Problem Constraints

1 <= N <= 105 1 <= A[i] <= 109
Input Format

The first line of the input is the size of the array N. The second line of the input is N integers of the array separated by space.
Output Format

Print each element of the array, followed by a space (including the last element).
Example Input

Input 1:
5
1 2 3 4 5
Input 2:
3
2 3 1 
Example Output

Output 1:
5 1 2 3 4
Output 2:
1 2 3
Example Explanation

For Input 1:
The elements 1, 2, 3 and 4 have been shifted to the right by one position and 5 has been moved to the first position.
For Input 2:
The elements 2 and 3 have been shifted to the right by one position and 1 has been moved to the first position.
Note:

This question requires you to take a list of integers as input using the input().split() method, which splits space-separated values into a list.
Since this concept will be covered later in the module, we encourage you to do some independent research and write your code accordingly.
You may also refer to the following article for further guidance: *https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python/input-multiple-values-user-one-line-python/*

---

# CODE

```python
def shift():
    # YOUR CODE GOES HERE
    n = int(input())
    inte = input()
    newl = inte.split(" ")
    pop_space = newl.pop()
    pop_last = newl.pop()
    newl.insert(0,pop_last)
    return newl
```

or

```python
def shift():
    # YOUR CODE GOES HERE
    n=int(input())
    lst=[int(i) for i in input().split()]
    poped_ele=lst.pop()
    lst.insert(0, poped_ele)
    return lst
```

or

```python
def shift():
    N = int(input())
    A = [int(item) for item in input().split()]
    last_item = A[N-1]
    # Moving all elements except the last one to one step right
    for i in range(N-1, 0, -1):
        A[i] = A[i-1]
    A[0] = last_item
    
    return A
```
